[Captions by Mike R. at Y Translator] "Hi, Jamie. Can you make my boyfriend rich?" Sure. Just put a Richard nametag on his shirt so everybody will know he's Rich. She got exactly what she asked for: a rich boyfriend. He might not have a lot of money, but his name is Rich. Aha, that's rich. Person asks McDonald's for an ice cream sandwich. I'm surprised they even, like, pulled this out of their ass and decided to make one. "Nah, we ain't got ice cream sandwiches. Here. Hold up. We got all the materials. We can make this happen." And they made it happen. "Can I get a hamburger with only ketchup?" "Dammit!" "Again, you got exactly what you asked for. You should've specified. You want some meat, you want some protein. They just being a good employee. "He said, 'Just ketchup.' I put just ketchup in the burger." Is it even a burger if it doesn't have a burger? Nah, it's just a bun – a bun with ketchup. "Let me get a taco with sour cream on the side." Argh! This dude literally put sour cream on the side of the taco! "Yeah, man. You said the side – like the side of – yeah – it's on the side. I put it there exactly where you asked me to put it, and I did it. Another one. McDouble. "Only ketchup." It ain't even a McDouble anymore. It's a McDepression. I can't handle it. "My mom said she left me a slice of pizza for when I get home." He puttin' his pinkie by it – a clothespin. "You said a slice." She legit gave him the tiniest slice – literally two bites – "Two bites and that's over. That's your dinner. Go up to your room and go to sleep. You goin' be late for dinner, you goin' get the smallest slice of pizza!" A slice is a slice. "Shoulda asked for a bigger slice!" "My mom was told to give me a half up half down hairstyle. She didn't know what that meant so she did this. So the girl wanted this hairstyle, where it's half up and then half down – for school pictures! They actually took the picture of her. They didn't look at her like, "Hmm, what the hell going on here?" But she literally put half of her hair up and then the rest of it down. Like, "Uh, there you go. Good enough, right?" Mother, there is Google now. There's no excuse for this kind of stupidity! I bet she didn't even know what a half up half down was either, and they didn't realize until she grew up, and then saw the picture, like, "Oh, shit!" So apparently, I got myself a gift this weekend. "To Katherine, I love you. I'm so drunk right now, this is gonna be a fun surprise. I love myself just like that Hadley girl said you should." So she was drunk and ordered herself makeup? "You should love yourself. But it's like you're ugly and you can't love yourself. So here's some makeup for when you're sober." What?! When you finally get your license in the mail, but the DMV messes up and uses a picture from ten years ago! Ten years ago?! What the hell?! So, this person that got their license, and they literally used the picture of when she was seven years old. How the DMV even got that – Oh, it's because their passport pics. Whoever's printing this – "Yeah, seems legit." It's a damn child on a driver's license! You get pulled over. The cop goin' look at that like, "Who is this baby? You are not this child!" So this person ordered pizza, and in the special instructions, "Send your cutest delivery boy." And she got her pizza from the cutest delivery boy. I think we can all agree, he's the cutest and the goodest boy. Why can't get my pizza like that? Yeah, that dog got some hella willpower to have pizza on his back and not eat it?! Not even sniff it?! He don't even know what's going. He don't even realize that he could just eat it, instead of delivering it to a human. What are they gonna give him? "My boss asked me if I wanted a donut this morning, and I told him, 'No, thank you,' because I'm trying to eat healthier. And he brought me this: a lettuce shaped donut! A donut-shaped lettuce. Yes. It's lettuce shaped like a doughnut. It's even got the hole and everything. Enjoy your gluten-free vegan doughnut. "I requested a chair with arm rests." Well, you got exactly what you asked for – a chair with an arm rests. They are arms. Not human. Barbie. But you know what? They're still arms whether you like it or not. So you gonna have to sit and deal with it. Or sit your ass on the ground, you ungrateful f***. "What do you want for your birthday?" "Nothing!" "Here you go – a big fancy plate of nothing." This is so depressing. Could've asked for a cake, could've asked for anything. But you gonna get chocolate-syrup nothing. "I was jammin "Humble," and my dog sat down when he heard Kendrick say, 'Sit down!' and is now waiting for his treat." Sit down! Be a good boy. Well, give him his treat. He's sitting down, he being humble. "Bitch, where is my treat?" I wish my dogs did that. They don't listen to anybody – except me, sometimes. Imagine your dog hearing the words of a song, and sitting for that person. That's great! "Had 2 have my makeup done 4 a fashion show 2day. Went to ESTÉE LAUDER, and the 'professional artist genuinely thought these looked similar." So she gave that picture to a 'professional artist.' Okay. I'm goin' tell you now, there's someone in my family, who knows absolutely nothing about makeup was actually a "professional artist" for Estee Lauder in Macy's, and she had no idea how to do makeup, she was awful at it. A lot of those people that do makeup in a department store, they don't know how to do this! What the hell? I had my makeup done in Sephora once. It was straight garbage. She basically stabbed me with the brush for like 20 minutes. And was like, "Perfect." Bitch had me looking like this! "Hi, sisters." Five shades lighter than me, and then tried to, like, all blend it out for, like, 15 minutes. But, oh, this was... this was just unfortunate. Girl, I really hope you didn't pay for that. They need to pay you to go to someone else to fix what they started. So this guy's girlfriend texted him, "Hey, can you bring me my pink bag?" "Her pink bag. Hmm. Which one do you choose?" Like, for the green one. Comment for the pink one. But the green one is also a pink one – you know, girls and their Victoria's Secret pink, when it's not even pink. "But it says Pink." "But it ain't pink!" Which is it? So, there's this new face mask on the market. So, it goes on normally, and then it like – poof! I actually have this and I've tried it, and it gets really bad, and it gets everywhere. And then the mask on your forehead starts bubbling up, and if you look up, it'll get stuck on your eyelashes, and then into your eye, and then you'll have to rinse out your eye or you'll go blind. Oh, these are my favorite. When people do cake messages too literally. "Thanks For A Great Year ... In Purple." You had one job. They wanted you to write "Thanks for a great year," in purple icing. They didn't even do it in purple icing! "Yeah, I'll put some purple sprinkles around and maybe that'll fix my mistakes." Me trying to fix my life. Should put some sprinkles on it "And so I need two birthday cakes. Can you write happy birthday on both?" "I got you." And they wrote, "Happy Birthday on Both." "They did exactly what you asked for: 'Happy Birthday on Both.' It says it on both. I see no problem here. "So I wanna get a birthday cake for my husband." "Okay. What do you want it to say?" " 'Happy Birthday, Dick.' Ha Ha Ha. Don't write that. His name is Matt." "I got you." They literally wrote the whole convo on the cake. She was probably just like, "Ahh, f*** it. Just give it to me." I feel like people can't get mad over this. Y'all asked for it. They did it. They're doing their jobs. "If your dog does a poo, please put it in the litter bin." "Oh, my God! Cooper, how could you?! You heard the sign. You shoulda read it before you decided to take a poo. Now I gotta do what I gotta do. I gotta put you in this bin, you piece of s***." That doggy, he really don't want to go in. "Can I get a coffee with cream on the side?" "Yup. Here you go. Coffee with some whipped cream in a plate." Fancy. Technically, whipped cream is still cream. It's just whipped – and probably tastes good with coffee. "I asked for a side of onion rings. I got a side of onion rings." They're not battered or fried, but they are rings of onion. "I paid $3.99 for this bulls***!" "And can I get a large Coke with two cups?" "I don't know why you would want two cups, but here you go: two cups. Just a small cup inside the big cup, because some people drink their Coke like this." "I ordered a double espresso, so that's what I got." "Duh! Double espresso in two cups." So they put one espresso in one cup and another espresso in another cup. See, I feel like this is normal. So, it's like they don't give you a cup with two shots of espresso in it. So you look at it and it's like, "Mmm, those don't look like two shots. It's still got one shot. I'm gonna need some more." "Nah. We're goin' give you one and one. So you can't say sh– There will be no talking to the manager today." Ooh, I feel like this guy, he hit the jackpot. He asked for extra pepperoni. They put all the goddamn pepperoni they had in that pizza place on that pizza. Mmm. That looks hella good. Oh, God. That looks so good. What pizza place is this? Y'all gonna have to @ me. Every time I order pizza, I got like, literally, five pieces of pepperoni. "Mmm. That's it." If you ask for extra, maybe they'll give you six. "Can I get a sandwich with mayo on top?" "This guy – really! Okay, who did this? You just ruined my whole damn burger. We're gonna have to have a little talk outside. An by talk, I mean, [punch sound] in the face!" Anyway, that's all for today. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button in the face. And subscribe to join the Wolf Pack. I love you guys so much. Thanks for watching. Bye, guys. [Music]